Fix date in service now mappers (#11863)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/README.md

There is no context output for this command.

### Troubleshooting

> * Make sure that the date and time in SNOW are the same as the date and time in XSOAR to prevent mirroring issues.
> * If the date in the layout is incorrect, Please follow this steps:
> 1. Go to the incoming-mapper you are using
> 2. Change in every field which using ``DateStringToISOFormat`` script the argument ``dayfirst`` to ``true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that the date and time in SNOW are the same as the date and time in XSOAR to prevent mirroring issues.
* If the date displayed in the layout is incorrect, please follow these steps to resolve the issue:
1. Navigate to the `incoming-mapper` which you are using.
2. In every field which uses the ``DateStringToISOFormat`` script, change the argument ``dayfirst`` to be ``true``.
```
